# Cost-of-Living-analysis
The cost of living is the amount of money one needs to maintain a specific lifestyle in each city. It is measured by calculating the average cost of several goods and services. Some of the everyday expenses considered for measuring the cost of living are food and beverages, housing, apparel, transportation, and education. These categories reflect what a consumer generally purchases so that their compensation or benefits can be adjusted accordingly to maintain the quality of life.
Few questions that cross one’s mind while thinking about relocation are – Will I be able to sustain with my current salary in the new city? If not, how much more should I earn to be able to continue my current standard of living? These are the few questions that can be answered by knowing the cost of living for a city.
The data chosen for this project is the cost of living data frame. It is a comparison of the cost of goods and services in various cities across the world. The original data contains 55 rows and 161 columns. The columns represent the various cities and the rows represent the entities for which the cost is being measured. For analysis, we have transposed the data so that we have 56 columns and 160 rows. The main objective of our project is to:
1.	Visualize the most expensive cities/countries in terms of food, education and housing using different visualization techniques. 
2.	Determine whether there is any relationship between the cost of a mid-range meal for two people and the cost of essential ingredients using linear regression.
3.	Determine whether there is any relationship between the monthly average salary of an individual and the cost of necessities using linear regression.  
